# Flicker-maps
In this code I build on the already analysed dataset (i.e., Flicker API data, with corrected georeferencing to match SIMD, and elaborated images with AI and human sentiment extracted) to summarise and map the images and the text retrieved from Flicker. No original data could be provided because of anonymity and ethic reasons. However the code shows the procedure of creating maps, for both: each Flicker post, and also aggregating them at a datazone level. 

This is a completely working code, in my local system. There is no dataset though neither of the flicker posts, and nor of SIMD shapefile. A new development was to make human written post and the tags anonymous, by applying a function for that. This worked but we were not completely sure it anonymised every post for every case, so we did not used that in the end. Indeed, we prefer only to show the sentiment and the AI generated descriptions instead (see elaborated maps https://gallantdatahub.ubdc.ac.uk/account/login). 
While the first part of the code saves a leaflet .html file. An additional part of the code (the later loop in it) instead saves the files in a geojason and shapefiele (Which needs to be zipepd manually). The geojason seems to be working fine, but the upload on ArcGIS onlyne is not properly working with some numeric fields returning NULL values - like the sentiment one. 

I could not upload the original file of the SIMD because too big in size, but please see the file here "https://github.com/Stephen137/Scottish-Index-of-Multiple-Deprivation". Anyway this is a common Shapefile of multideprivation for datazones.
